# Pion Data Folder
## Technical Specifications
- Different_models: the data of the comparisons of various data models
- Gaussian Model Cuts: the first tests of what effects data cuts have on the data, done before the switch from the Gaussian model to the Crystal Ball model. Includes no source code. Includes: lambda02 cut, asymmetry cut, angle cut, Ncells cut
- THnSparses 060717 Crystal Ball Cuts: the tests of what effects data cuts have on the data, done after the switch from the Gaussian Model to the Crystal Ball Model but before the switch from THnSparses_060717 to THnSparses_062017. In addition to the Gaussian Model Cuts's cuts, this includes a Matched Tracks cut. 
- THnSparses 062017 Crystal Ball Cuts: Essentially the same as THnSparses 060717 Crystal Ball Cuts, except that it uses THnSparses 062017 as its THnSparses and includes a few minor upgrades done after the switch to THnSparses 062017
- my_code: the main generator of the data produced by this software (my_code_old_comparison for Different_models)
- pt_combiner: a comparator which compares graohs created by my_code (pt_combiner_old_comparison for Different_models")
- my_code_old: a copy of the oldest version of my_code, and the only one that uses Ntuple.root
- THnSparses_062717.root output: just like THnSparses 062017 Crystal Ball Cuts, but with THnSparses_062717.root. Used as a source of data for parts of Photon_data.
- THnSparses_062817_output: just like THnSparses 062017 Crystal Ball Cuts, but with THnSparses_062817.root as its source of data. First to replace matched track cut with distance to charged particles cut. Also used to analyze the effects of various cuts. Is the first to output data to .tex files for conversion into tables
- THnSparses_070517_output: has the same job description as THnSparses_062817_output, but it uses THnSparses_070517.root as its THnSparses and has perfected the C++ side of outputting data to .tex files
- THnSparses_071217_output: has the same job description as THnSparses_070517_output, but it uses THnSparses_071217.root as its THnSparses. 
- THnSparses_071617_output: same job description as THnSparses_071217_output, except that it uses THnSparses_071617.root as its main output, which has more data than any predecessor. Thus this data can potentially be used in earnest. Splits data into 6-8 GeV/c, 8-10 GeV/c, 10-12 GeV/c, 12-14 GeV/c, 14-16 GeV/c, 16-18 GeV/c, 18-20 GeV/c momentum intervals rather than the 8-10 GeV/c, 10-11 GeV/c, 11-12 GeV/c, 12-13 GeV/c, 13-15 GeV/c, 15-20 GeV/c intervals that were used in every predecessor. Has Ncells, distance to border, and distance to bad cells cuts built into the THnSparses rather than into my_code
- THnSparses_072417_output: like THnSparses_071617_output, but uses THnSparses_072417.root as its data source, uses all four baseline cuts used in its predecessor (since I no longer need to reinvent the wheel with the cutflows anymore) except the delta-R cut, and angle cut is set to a default minimum of 17 mrad and can be modified to 18 or 19 mrad. Separates data into three main categories: Gaussian peak fit (now the default) crystal ball fit to the mass-pion data, as well as angle_pt, which is an opening angle-transverse momentum graph designed to measure the sensitivirty of the data to changes in the angle cut. Also first to include angle vs pion pt 2D histogram as a way of measuring the effect of the angle cut. Doesn't have a pt_combiner or LaTeX output. Includes two background methods: default is quadratic background, other two backgrounds (quadric and linear) have a folder to themselves: <bakcground method here>_my_code. 
- THnSparses_LHC13d_output: a spectral analysis of the first data file that came in the summer, THnSparses_LHC13d.root. Bears some similarity to its predecessors, but doesn't test different models or different angle cuts and instead simply gives data on various momentum intervals.
- THnSparses_LHC13d_090717_output: Just like THnSparses_LHC13d.root, but inludes lower-momentum data that was not included in its predecessors, along with an asymmetry cut (which is now not longer unnecessary)
- table_file<other name parts go here>.tex - LaTeX files that contain table content data from my_code to be used by files in Presentations in tables
